Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Go back to the
sheath your master holds.
Go back to Griffith!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Don't glower at me like that.
I'm offering you all the fun you want
right before setting out for the afterlife.
What's wrong, are you embarrassed?
I'm unable to push this bastard aside...
My...
My arm is so powerless...
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Bonfire of Dreams
Don't even think
about biting your tongue off.
It'd be a shame if you
died before we finished our fun.
Do you want to die in a place like this?
Go back to the
sheath your master holds.
I won't bite my tongue off.
Oh no, she's been driven to despair.
Can't you resist a little
so we can get turned on?
But...
I won't let you rape me, either!
What?
Bitch!
You'll pay for that!
I'll kill you dead!
You better lay off now.
Judeau!
She is the only woman in our troop.
It'll cost you.
Unbelievable!
He's beaten almost half my
hundred men in spite of his wounds...
I admit, this is no fluke.
What was that?
There are fifty of you still alive?
Great, day will dawn by the time I get
around to cracking open all of your heads!
Don't let up!
He barely has the strength to stand!
Defeat him now!
What am I doing here?
In a miserable place like this...
It's not worth risking my life for this...
Am I fighting for Caska?
No, that can't be it...
I don't have time to think now.
I should concentrate
on wielding my sword...
...and killing...
...nothing more...
Sorry, I was late.
It took quite a bit of time to persuade
those big shots we needed to rescue you.
H-Hey...
You must run...
He...
Guts...
Hurry!
What happened to Guts?
This way, quickly!
Someone, give her your shoulder!
I don't need it!
He...
He stayed in the midst of the
enemy to help me get away...
We've got to hurry, or...
Let's move!
I will make it...
I have to make it...
Here it is!
Oh, my God...
Is this for real?
I see almost a hundred men lying here.
Did he really do all this by himself?
Guts...
Guts!
Those look like deadly wounds...
Come on, you've only joking, right?
Hey, Guts!
Guts!
Stop shaking me...
It's not helping my wounds...
Guts...
Out of the way now!
Move it!
It's an emergency!
Make way for us!
It's no big deal!
I can walk on my own!
Don't move, you'll
make your wounds worse!
Hey, they're back!
Dammit, he was alive after all.
Guts!
Hey, ouch!
That hurts!
You'll heal faster without
anesthetic, so just bear it.
Shit!
I'm not a torn shirt you're sewing up!
Okay, I'm done now.
What a guy!
With wounds like yours, most men
wouldn't be able to stay conscious.
How's his condition?
Well, he's no longer in danger but
I prescribe total bedrest for him!
Total bed rest?
Then what you're saying is...
He should be left behind when the
army breaks camp and moves out.
No way!
Bullshit!
I'll stick with you all until the
end, even if I have to crawl after you!
Ridiculous!
You will seriously endanger your
life if you rejoin the front lines now!
Endanger my life?
I put my life in danger
every time I go to war.
It's out of the question!
Oh, suit yourself!
Now, everything's settled, all right?
The two of you are back and safe.
Where is Griffith, anyway?
Griffith is at
headquarters for the war counsel.
He set out this morning.
Oh, no.
He won't come back until tomorrow.
And they finally came back, too.
What bad timing!
Caska, aren't you
going to get looked at?
I'm fine.
I didn't get injured...
But you had a fever, didn't you?
Oh!
What's going on?
Seriously, we were worried
that the worst might have happened.
For once, we need to
thank Commander Guts.
Sorry for having worried you all.
I'm glad you're safe, Big Sister.
But Captain Griffith is cold at heart.
He just left for a war
counsel or something.
Watch your mouth.
Oh, I am sorry, Big Sister...
Caska.
Can I have your ear for a moment?
What's the matter?
Well, I want to tell you this.
When I asked Griffith to send a search
party so we could rescue the two of you...
...those nobles spoke against
us, making objections of all kinds.
But...
Griffith really put his foot down.
Those two are key for the Hawks.
I will never lose them.
Griffith said that...
Yeah, he said that for you.
It's amazing how
much he values you two.
Honestly, I felt little jealous.
Oh, hey, I almost forgot about this.
Give this to the big guy
who killed a hundred men.
It's medicine?
I got this from a company of
travelling players I used to work for.
You may not believe it...
...but it is made from fairy dust.
Fairy dust?
That's impossible!
I know you doubt it.
But it works wonders
and the effect is guaranteed.
It saved my life a
couple times, trust me.
Such a precious thing of yours...
Don't worry.
I think it's a pretty good deal, we got
a hundred men for one pack of medicine.
Thank you, Judeau.
She suddenly became
like an ordinary girl, didn't she?
Guts...
What's going on?
Wouldn't it be better if you slept?
I can't sleep
because my body is burning.
Up here I feel at
ease, and it's much cooler.
Hey...
Don't move.
The pain...
...is subsiding.
What is this?
Judeau gave it to me.
It's some kind of secret medicine.
Now, turn your back.
You know...
...there's nothing for
you to worry yourself over.
I brought myself to
do that for my own sake.
It wasn't for you in particular.
I'd rather fight with my sword
than run away, it's my nature.
That was the only reason...
You fought a hundred men with
your sword because it's your nature?
Yeah, that's it.
Besides, I had to give
that bastard some payback.
I didn't remember anything clearly because
I had lost myself in swinging my sword.
But, to tell the truth, there was
something I couldn't get out of my head...
Compared to what you're doing...
...what I did, fighting
against a hundred men...
...was nothing.
Not only you, but Griffith too...
The two of you have something
really important to stake your life on.
I think it's great, I mean it.
Compared to your purpose...
...my fighting against a hundred
men or a thousand is just random.
It's no big deal at all.
Guts...
Some view, huh?
Gaston doesn't think
he's very suited to army life.
He wants to start...
...a tailoring business with the
money he's earned after the war.
He's good with his hands,
though he may not look it.
Nichole proposed
to a woman, but she refused.
She didn't want
to marry a common soldier.
He wants to get promoted as soon
as possible, so he can ask her again.
That's why he is reckless and
tends to overextend himself in battle.
Well, everyone seems to
stake their life on lost causes.
Looking over all of them from
here, it makes me think that I can see...
...all their little dreams and hopes...
...flickering in each light.
Like a bonfire of dreams...
That was beautiful...
I thought it was the princess talking.
Don't say that!
But, you are right.
I think that each one of them...
...brings their own wisps of
light when they gather together.
Yeah, and so those
fragile lights don't go out...
...they throw their lights
into the strongest flame of all...
A powerful fire called Griffith...
But...
...my light cannot be seen among them.
I guess I'm just someone who
stopped to warm up by the bonfire.
Guts...
As long as I have my sword to fight
with, I am sure to survive any battle.
It's a fact, year after year I prove it true.
Before joining the
Hawks, I always survived...
...even in hopeless, losing battles.
It happened again this time...
But, doing that kind of
thing is not really important.
I've been fighting in battles
for as long as I can remember.
The mercenary leader who raised me...
...taught me nothing
except how to wield a sword.
I've never had
anything except my sword.
I don't want to die.
But for me, that was
the only reason for fighting.
I found myself fighting because...
...I know nothing but how to wield this.
Above all, I was ready to just
commit myself to fighting back there...
...and leave finding a real
reason to fight up to the others.
Guts...
Anyway, I guess all
that sounds kind of dumb.
I'm wondering why I told you all that...
It's pretty pathetic.
So am I.
Guts...
...are you thinking of...
Are you going to leave the Hawks?
Guts...
I said that I was going to fight
this war to the end, no matter what.
What will you do afterwards?
Guts!
Caska!
Griffith is back!
He heard that you were safe...
...so he changed his schedule
to come back here a day early!
Welcome back!
Captain!
Glad you're safe!
Oh, Commander Guts!
Hey.
Griffith, I apologize.
I held everyone back, it's my fault...
Despite my physical condition...
...I went into battle and
caused everything to go wrong.
I even put my entire company in danger.
Not only that, I put Guts
and his Raiders in danger as well.
I'm not qualified to be a commander!
I will accept any punishment...
W-What are you doing, you idiot!
Welcome back.
Go for it, Commander!
Jump on me, too!
All right, let's all go and get a drink!
Are you sure, Commander?
In your condition?
Shut up, I'm just going
to disinfect my body liquor!
I'm not responsible for this.
Let's celebrate the hundred-man fight!
What's the matter?
Nothing...
Is he...
...serious about leaving?
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Someday, a man will have to
forget something he once possessed.
climb over a wall that stands before him.
He will keep his head high and
strain his eyes toward the horizon...
...as he keeps charging forward.
In this world, does being young mean
that matters of life and death are transient?
The Decisive Battle
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm